feat(curriculum): add email simulator workshop (#62100)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-email-simulator/68594df7779a164e6a61e8ae.md

---
id: 68594df7779a164e6a61e8ae
title: Step 32
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-32
---

# --description--

The inbox needs a method to read a specific email. When a user wants to read an email, they'll specify which email number (starting from index 0) they want to see, and the method will display the full email content.

> Add a method called `read_email` to your `Inbox` class that takes an `index` parameter. First, check if the inbox is empty and print the message `'Inbox is empty.\n'` if it is. Add a `return` statement after that to exit the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a method called `read_email` to your `Inbox` class that takes an `index` parameter. First, check if the inbox is empty and print the message `Inbox is empty.\n` if it is. Add a `return` statement after that to exit the method.
```

# --hints--

You should define a method named `read_email` in the `Inbox` class that takes `self` and `index` as parameters.

```js
({
    test: () => {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("Inbox").find_function("read_email").has_args("self, index")`));
    }
})
```

You should check if `self.emails` is empty using `if not self.emails`.

```js
({
    test: () => {
        assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).find_class("Inbox").find_function("read_email").find_ifs()[0].find_conditions()[0].is_equivalent("not self.emails")`));
    }
})
```

> You should print `'Inbox is empty.\n'` if there are no emails and return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print `Inbox is empty.\n` if there are no emails and return.
```
